these Palestinians were waiting at night
for eight supplies to arrive when
Israeli forces fired on
them thousands of people were at the
kuade roundabout in Gaza City collecting
flour and other necessities when Rockets
hit the intersection linking North and
South
Gaza scores were rushed to alifa
hospital
while we were in our way to get flour
sudden and intense shooting started
we're forced to go and get some flour
given the scarcity of Provisions here as
people approached the eight truck they
came under a massive amount of gunfire
and missile
strikes other Witnesses at the
roundabout said Israeli forces attack on
civilians was
deliberate they waited until all people
gathered in a confined area before
launching missiles at them everyone died
not one survived may Allah grant us
patience and Justice this bag of flour
belonged to a martyr you can see his
blood on it human life is now worth as
little as a bag of
flour The Assault on the Q roundabout is
the second in two
days such attacks have intensified since
the beginning of the Muslim holy month
of
Ramadan Israel has denied deliberately
targeting civilians including those
those waiting for
aid but human rights organizations have
repeatedly said Israeli forces are using
starvation as a weapon of war in Gaza
and are deliberately destroying its food
system Axel zovich Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer